The contents of this folder will be used to install AvesTerra on the ATra
test server, or really any RedHat/derivative machine.

The "setup.bash" script is used to install the server's dependencies,
setup the directory structure, place the executables where they should go, setup systemd services,
and enable said system services on boot.  This script is also responsible for copying the certificates
and keys into the /AvesTerra/Certificates folder, from a given source directory.  This measure
was added, to help combat the risk of deleting the original certificates or keys, just in case
the entire /AvesTerra directory was deleted.  The setup.bash script simply puts the executables and services in their proper places, and
enables the services to run on startup.  If you of course do all of this yourself, then there is really no need to run my setup.bash script,
but I still wanted to provide the option for your convenience

The "start.bash/stop.bash" are simply scripts that start/stop
systemd services, which will be associated with AvesTerra executables
and ATra executables.

Also, feel free to edit the ATerra/Services files to your liking, just
don't modify the executable paths.  I modified the service files to make them more of
what you(Luke) wanted, such as running the executables as the user atra.

NOTE: This script assumes that your certificates are in the directory $HOME/Certificates; if you are storing the Certificates
elsewhere, then update the AVESTERRA_CERT_KEY_DIR_PATH variable to reflect where your certificates are located.

NOTE 2.0: The setup script assumes that you put the executables, that J or I provided for you, in the ./ATerra/Executables directory; if this
directory doesn't come in the package, then please create it.  Ensure that the executables are placed in that directory, 
if you decide to run the setup.bash script.

NOTE 3.0: You may have problems running executables in the /AvesTerra/Executables directory, due to SELinux.  I had problems on my end, while
testing my start script on my own RedHat servers, so you may need to add an exception, disabled checks, or turn off SELinux, if it is indeed
being used on the production server.

NOTE 4.0: I now have an option in the setup.bash script, where you can determine where you want to load the executables from.  By default,
the directory $HOME/Executables is specified in the script, but really any other directory can be configured by modifying the setup.bash
script.

If you have any questions, email me at alex.larkin@ledr.io.

~Alex
